in Rostov came the circus of huge animals
here and the highest giraffe is the biggest
heavy on earth elephant japanese boars
footballers for the premiere
international show set off anastasia
Anatolich
artists from italy bulgaria and romania and
Hungarians Russia find common language
animals regardless of language
affiliation is the main thing in this communication
care and friendship international program
the circus of huge beasts was a success in
Moscow and now until October 19 in
Rostov circus zest show giants
of our planet
we spend and you endowed for a long time
wallpaper
can
Vietnamese piglets are certainly not giants
but so talented that they immediately
invited to play football team for
classics of the genre with unique numbers
gymnasts perform and the clown is not only
laughs but surprises with its technical
opportunities especially spectacular number
transformer crouched goes together with
pony named edward
giraffe toto head program number
Farbier is recognized to transport
African giants is not easy but the technique
does not stand still and allows
travel in comfort for a giraffe
established in Italy a unique giraffe Air
these are semi trailers which are completely
rises to a height of five and a half
meters and falls to a height of 3 meters per
hydraulic account in special
devices in elephant lila too
private car withstand 5 ton
actress number where a giant beauty
gently shaving volunteers rehearsing year
Honored Artist of Hungary on the love
donor there they are together 45 years old and understand
each other
and how I talk about we are taught how I talk
like a woman dagira
on such a friend you can put yourself
see for yourself how gently pique ton
the elephant does the hardest tricks
guarding your friends
Anastasia Natalia Andrei Dyshev Mary
Colin crafty etc.
Rostov